Day 2 Quiz
----------

1. What is a for loop best suited to do?
iterating over containers when the length prop is known (so no. of iterations are)

2. What is a while loop best suited for?
when we don't know the no. of iiterations in advance
NOTE: there are no for loops at runtime, only while loops

3. When will an optional else clause after a loop run? (any loop, for or while)
when the loop has completed naturally (no break encountered)
best practice: comment else with # no break

4. In a function definition, what syntax denotes the block of code that is the body of the function?

def my_func():
    #indent

5. What is the keyword required to exit from this loop:

while True:
    # some code
    break

OR, if I want to put an else on the end, we would have to do something like this:

more = True
while more:
    #some code
    if something:
        break
    else:
        more = False
        #something else
else:
    #loop completed without triggering the break


6. Differentiate between a module and a script, in broad terms only.
a module contains ONLY functions (and classes)
we import modules and the functions in them into a script or multiple scripts at runtime
facilitates code re-use and separation of concerns
facilitates more declaratively-styled runtime
the script knows WHAT to do
the module knows HOW to do it

7. If a function has a return statement, can any code come after that line (in the same block)?
no - the function exits when it encounters a returnyou can have multpile return sttatements in a function
but each one represents the end of that path through the code

def my_func(my_list):
    if my_list[0]:
        return my_list[0]
    else:
        return None

8. If a function has input, what is this called at function definition time?
parameters 

9. If a function has input, what is this called at runtime?
arguments *real data*

10. What, if anything, do we know in Python from a function definition, 
about the datatypes of the parameters to a function 
(without any custom validation code)?
nothing
you don't know what's in them
